‘Annual cultures’: due to interannual and even inter-seasonal human activity, this habitat, which was present on the day of our botanical relevé, may no longer be visible on the satellite imagery that you will use. If it is no longer a cultivated area on your satellite imagery, it may be a ‘Fallow’ (next habitat category), but this must be carefully checked on the imagery.
‘Fallow’: similarly, you must check the satellite imagery that you will use to verify if this is still a fallow land, as it may have been converted back to ‘Annual cultures’ (to be verified).
‘Daya’: This habitat can be flooded for several months or weeks, depending on rainfall, and there is significant interannual variability of this flood.
‘Steppes with Acacia’: This habitat can eventually be grouped with ‘Steppe dominated by herbaceous plants’. But you should try to do some analysis before grouping it.
‘Steppes dominated by Anabasis syriaca’: This habitat is a subcategory of the habitat ‘Steppes with dwarf shrubs’. It appears to be very interesting for the Houbara, even though it is relatively similar, in terms of physiognomy, to other steppes with other chamephytes.
‘Steppes dominated by Atriplex halimus’: Similarly, this habitat is a subcategory of the habitat ‘Steppes with dwarf shrubs’, potentially interesting for the Houbara.

‘Station_ID’: please keep this ID as it will allow you to link all this dataset with the botanical data I will send you later in November.
‘Precision’: this refers to the accuracy of coordinates. However, as the vegetation relevé covers several m², please bear in mind that the botanical data were collected over a much wider area.
‘Area_M2’: this refers to the area over which the botanical data were collected.
‘Habitat_Full’ and ‘Habitat_2_Full’: This is the original habitat typology from our database. Don’t use it, as we have made important changes following your request. The new typology is now in another column.
‘Stations selection’: Here I explain which stations have been excluded and why. You need to select the empty cells, in order to focus on habitats and stations consistent with Houbara studies.
‘Habitat_Synthesis’ and ‘Habitat_2_Synthesis’: This is the new habitat typology, grouping stations into 14 habitat-types (as you requested). Sometimes, there are two habitat-types at the same station, in this case you will find both ‘Habitat_Synthesis’ and ‘Habitat_2_Synthesis’ entered.
‘Habitat_Picture’: a picture has been taken the day of the survey.
‘Vegetation_Series’: this refers to the concept of ‘climax’. It can be used, for example, as a proxy of the bioclimatic ambiance. I’m not sure if it will be useful to you.
‘Vegetation_Series_Sure’: if the previous ‘Vegetation_Series’ is considered sure or not.
‘Vegetation_Cover_%’: this refers to the overall vegetation cover (all plants together).
‘Average_Arboreal_Plants_Height_M’: trees height. Data entered only for forest habitats.